Shorter note about span normalise in docs (#2069)
tskit-dev/tskit: docs/stats.md

and normalising would divide these statistics by the distance to the previous variant site
(probably not what you want to do).

> :::{note}
> The scaling of the genomic coordinates can affect this normalization. Take, for
> example, pairwise sequence divergence. This is usually a number between 0 and 1
> because it is the proportion of bases that differ; this will only be true if the
> `sequence_length`, and hence the "spans" are measured in base pairs.
> :::

Reviewer: Good spot. This is kinda confusing, since if the mutations are added with `discrete_genome` then it'll be between 0 and 1 regardless of what you think the units mean. Let's see how about:
```suggestion
:::{note}
The resulting values are in units of "per unit of sequence length" - for instance, pairwise
sequence divergence is in units of "differenes per unit of sequence length". By default,
{func}`.sim_mutations` adds mutations in discrete coordinates, and so coordinates are usually
interpreted as being measured in base pairs, in which case span normallized statistics are in
units of "per base pair".
:::
```
